[DOCS] Adding Airflow operator and Astrononomer deploy guides (#2070)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/guides/workflows_patterns/deployment_airflow.rst

    - Optional: Configured a :ref:`Checkpoint <tutorials__getting_started__validate_your_data>`.
    - Configured an Airflow pipeline (DAG).

> There are three supported methods for running validation in an Airflow DAG:

Reviewer: See the [Core concepts and classes](https://docs.greatexpectations.io/en/latest/contributing/style_guide.html#rst-files) section of the style guide, specifically "Core concepts are always capitalized, and always are linked on first reference within each page."
The word validation seems to be capitalized and not in various docs so feel free to ignore suggested changes if it doesn't make sense.

```suggestion
There are three supported methods for running :ref:`Validation<reference__core_concepts__validation>` in an Airflow DAG:
```

> #. Recommended: Using the ``GreatExpectationsOperator`` in the Great Expectations Airflow Provider package

Reviewer: 🙌

#. Using an Airflow ``PythonOperator`` to run validations using Python code
#. Invoking the Great Expectations CLI to run a Checkpoint using an Airflow ``BashOperator``

> Check out this link for an example of Airflow pipelines with Great Expectations validations ensuring that downstream tasks are protected from upstream issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out this link for an example of Airflow pipelines with Great Expectations Validations ensuring that downstream tasks are protected from upstream issues:
```

- `Great Expectations Pipeline Tutorial <https://github.com/superconductive/ge_tutorials>`_

> In the first link and the diagram below, you can see a common pattern of using validation tasks to ensure that the data flowing from one task to the next is correct, and alert the team if it is not. Another common pattern is to branch and change your DAG based on a validation (e.g. send data for more cleaning before moving to the next task, store it for a postmortem, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first link and the diagram below, you can see a common pattern of using Validation tasks to ensure that the data flowing from one task to the next is correct, and alert the team if it is not. Another common pattern is to branch and change your DAG based on a Validation (e.g. send data for more cleaning before moving to the next task, store it for a postmortem, etc.).
```

.. image:: ge_tutorials_pipeline.png
    :width: 800
    :alt: Airflow pipeline from Great Expectations tutorials repository.

We will now explain the supported methods for using Great Expectations within an Airflow pipeline.

Running validation using the ``GreatExpectationsOperator``
-----------------------------------------------------------

> The ``GreatExpectationsOperator`` in the `Great Expectations Airflow Provider package<https://github.com/great-expectations/airflow-provider-great-expectations>`_ is a convenient way to invoke validation with Great Expectations in an Airflow DAG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``GreatExpectationsOperator`` in the `Great Expectations Airflow Provider package <https://github.com/great-expectations/airflow-provider-great-expectations>`_ is a convenient way to invoke validation with Great Expectations in an Airflow DAG.
```

> #. Ensure that the ``great_expectations`` directory that defines your Data Context is accessible by your DAG. Ideally, it should be located in the same project as your DAG, but you can point the operator at any location.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to remove the "should" since from the style guide: "We reserve the word “should” for strong directives, not just helpful guidance."
```suggestion
#. Ensure that the ``great_expectations`` directory that defines your Data Context is accessible by your DAG. Typically, it will be located in the same project as your DAG, but you can point the operator at any location.
```

#. Install Great Expectations and the Great Expectations provider in your environment

.. code-block:: bash
    pip install great_expectations airflow-provider-great-expectations

#. Import the operator in your DAG file

.. code-block:: python
    from great_expectations_provider.operators.great_expectations import GreatExpectationsOperator

#. Create a task using the ``GreatExpectationsOperator``

> The ``GreatExpectationsOperator`` supports multiple ways of invoking validation with Great Expectations: a) using an expectation suite name and batch_kwargs, b) using a list of expectation suite names and batch_kwargs, c) using a checkpoint. This means that the parameters depend on how you would like to invoke Great Expectations validation. As a simple example, assuming you have a single Expectation Suite “my_suite” and a simple batch of data, such as a database table called “my_table”, you can use the following parameters:

Reviewer: Love using the description of `assets_to_validate` here that it's a list of option a.
Just a suggestion to connect it back to our nomenclature in a parenthetical:
```suggestion
The ``GreatExpectationsOperator`` supports multiple ways of invoking validation with Great Expectations: a) using an expectation suite name and batch_kwargs, b) using a list of expectation suite names and batch_kwargs (using the `assets_to_validate` parameter), c) using a checkpoint. This means that the parameters depend on how you would like to invoke Great Expectations validation. As a simple example, assuming you have a single Expectation Suite “my_suite” and a simple batch of data, such as a database table called “my_table”, you can use the following parameters:
```

.. code-block:: python

    my_ge_task = GreatExpectationsOperator(
        task_id='my_task,
        expectation_suite_name='my_suite',
        batch_kwargs={
            'table': 'my_table',
            'datasource': 'my_datasource'
        },
        dag=dag
    )

**Note**: If your ``great_expectations`` directory is not located in the same place as your DAG file, you will need to provide the ``data_context_root_dir`` parameter.

By default, a ``GreatExpectationsOperator`` task will run validation and raise an ``AirflowException`` if any of the tests fails. To override this behavior and continue running even if tests fail, set the ``fail_task_on_validation_failure`` flag to ``False``.

> For more information about possible parameters and examples, see the `README in the repository<https://github.com/great-expectations/airflow-provider-great-expectations>`_, and the `example DAG in the provider package <https://github.com/great-expectations/airflow-provider-great-expectations/tree/main/great_expectations_provider/examples>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about possible parameters and examples, see the `README in the repository <https://github.com/great-expectations/airflow-provider-great-expectations>`_, and the `example DAG in the provider package <https://github.com/great-expectations/airflow-provider-great-expectations/tree/main/great_expectations_provider/examples>`_
```

> Running validation using a ``PythonOperator``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Validation using a ``PythonOperator``
```

-----------------------------------------------

If the current version of the ``GreatExpectationsOperator`` does not support your use case, you can also fall back to running validation using a standard ``PythonOperator`` as described in this section.

> 1. **Create validation Methods**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Create Validation Methods**
```

            raise AirflowException("Validation of the data is not successful ")

> 2. **Add validation Methods to DAG**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Add Validation Methods to DAG**
```

    task_transform_data.set_downstream(task_validate_transformed_data)

> Running a validation using a Checkpoint & ``BashOperator``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running a Validation using a Checkpoint & ``BashOperator``
```
